Add optional configuration imports (#4332)
alacritty/alacritty: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.7.0-dev

### Changed

> - Providing non existing paths in `import` won't result in error. Importing from these configs will be skipped

Reviewer: I don't really like splitting sentence into 2 in changelog, and we never had something like that before. 

```suggestion
- Providing non existing paths in `import` won't result in error, instead importing configs from them will be skipped
```

@chrisduerr do you any suggestion on how to form this entry?

Reviewer 2: We don't need a changelog entry, this was never released?

Reviewer: We need, it'll go into 0.7.0, however imports will be in 0.6.0.

Reviewer 2: Oh that's a good point. I'm not sure why I was just assuming this would be included in 0.6.0.

But I suppose it's not an issue with the existing imports system, so not having them optional should work perfectly fine.

Here would be my suggestion then:

```
 - Nonexistent config imports are skipped instead of raising an error
```

Reviewer: We can cherry pick it into 0.6.0 if it's fine, since import thing is a new, so a change for it makes sense for backporting, I guess.

Reviewer 2: Fine either way, probably easier to just get 0.6.0 out there. We'll need a follow up on imports because of home expansion anyways before it becomes **really** useful. So bundling that into 0.7.0 seems fine.

Reviewer: Ok, let's move it into 0.7.0.

- Reduce memory usage by up to at least 30% with a full scrollback buffer
- The number of zerowidth characters per cell is no longer limited to 5
- `SpawnNewInstance` is now using the working directory of the terminal foreground process on macOS

> - Configuration `import` paths are now optional and will skip importing if path does not exist.

Reviewer: The changelog entry should be in `0.7.0-dev` section. Also maybe something like that will work better.

```suggestion
- Providing non existing paths in `import` won't result in error and importing from these configs will be skipped
```
